Player Options: I want to take you to...  Forest (Continues to Line 2),  Mountains, Floating Islands
Forest Dialogue: 
Monika- Oooo, a forest adventure. Well let's go (Player)
Narrator- (Player) and Monika unpacked after the long drive to the Forest of Silvermist. The air was crisp with the smell of pine needles, and the soft mist that drifted between the trees gave everything a silver glow. As they hauled their tents and lanterns out of the trunk, Monika paused, clutching her elbows. She couldn’t shake the feeling that something was… off.
Monika: (Player)… I didn’t want to scare you earlier, but… I think I saw a bear on the way up here. And, um… I’ve heard people say this forest is haunted by ghosts 
Player Options: "There are no such thing as Ghosts, my love (Continues on Line 7)" , "Alright, Then we should build the tents before it turns nighttime (Continues on Line 30)"
"No such thing as Ghosts, my love" Dialogue:
Narrator- (Player) had reassured Monika that her claims of the forest being haunted was just in her imagination. After a time of stares, Monika felt herself relax. She loved, and had full trust in (Player)
Monika: Okay (Player). I trust you...
Narrator- As Monika and (Player) had finished Monika's tent, they both were caught looking at (Player)'s tent- which was only a pile of tarp and poles. (Player) began picking up the poles to set up, before Monika stretched her hand out, taking hold of (Player)'s arm. 
Monika- Wait... its becoming nighttime. And we have done so much already with setting up my tent. You can just sleep in mine. I know we have one-person tents, but I bet if we try, wn cram in one tent.
Player Options- "Still scared of ghosts... (Continues on Line 13)" , "You got yourself a deal"
"Still scared of ghosts..." Dialogue
Narrator- (Player) teased Monika. Monika did not look too happy. Chuckling, the (Player) reassured her again, kissed her on the cheek to make up for it, and began to set up the second tent. Monika helped the best she could, pushing past the nerves in her stomach and the noises she could hear coming through the cracks in the trees around. Once all set up, in was time for bed. And so, Monika went to her bed, leaving (Player) alone in the woods, to smoulder the campfire they had built, and get ready for the next day. (Player) then went into the second tent alone, and started to drift to sleep when the piercing sound of Monika's screem woke him up.
Monika: AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!
Narrator- (Player) jumped out of bed, frantically unzipping his tent to meet the eyes of a black bear. Past the bear's head, (Player) could see Monika had peeked out of her own tent. But the bear was not focussed on her. But on (Player)... or whatever was below him. (Player looked down and saw...
Monika- It...its the bear's cub.
Narrator- Monika said in shaky breaths. The cub looked up at (Player). In response, the Mama bear roared, making Monika shriek again.
Monika: (Player), do something!
Narrator- As (Player) began to think of a solution, the Mama bear began to stamp her feet, showing her anxiety towards the cub being so close to (Player). As if on instict, (Player) had made to choice to...
Player Options- *Yell to scare the bear family* *Use the lantern to scare the bear family* *Push the cub to its mother*
*Use the lantern to scare the bear family* Option
Narrator- Narrator:
(Player) grabbed the lantern and clicked it to its brightest setting, sweeping the beam across the Mama bear’s eyes. Startled, the bear roared and backed away, her cub scrambling after her. All that could be heard was the heart beating in (Player's chest). It seemed that even the crickets and nightowls were holding thier breath. At last, (Player) heard Monika zip down the rest of her tent.She then ran up and threw her arms around (Player).
Monika: You actually scared her off! I’m so glad you’re safe. 
Narrator- Monika then leaned into (Player), and gave a kiss on the cheek, before pulling away, looking into (Player)'s eyes with that smile on her face.
Monika: I'm so proud of you! You know, I really want to know, how you are able to defend the campsite so effectively. I know that black bears are more afraid of you than of it- that was one of the reseaons it did not charge at you, but still... I would have been frozen, unable to do anything. You know what?
Player Options: "Yes, babe?"
Monika: Let us cool down for a little in my tent. And you can tell me all about how those survivial skills you have, do we have a deal, (Player) the hero?
"Alright, Then we should build the tents before it turns nighttime" Dialogue: 
